Added new parameter and argument "scan_visbility" (#17736)
demisto/content: Packs/UrlScan/ReleaseNotes/1_1_16.md

#### Integrations
##### urlscan.io

> - Added the "scan _visbility" to the url command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the "*scan _visibility* argument to the ***url*** command.
```
